Review backup and restore assemblies for CQA (#4846)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_performing-a-full-backup.adoc

= Performing a full backup of {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer}

[role="_abstract"]

> Run a full offline backup on {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} to capture PostgreSQL and Pulp databases and {Project} configuration.

Reviewer: What do you think about shortening it?

```suggestion
Run a full offline backup on {ProjectServer} or {SmartProxyServer} to capture all {Project} content and configuration.
```
